passmgr
========

A password manager that stores account info in one encrypted file.  The
dependencies are python and libgcrypt.

Usage
=====

#### Add 'account_name' to 'account_file'

`$ python passmgr.py add account_name to account_file set data=value data1={secret}`

Use {secret} as the value to be asked for a password or any other secret you
don't want stored in your commandline history or printed to your screen.

#### View 'account_name' in 'account_file'

`$ python passmgr.py list account_name in account_file`

Use ALL (all capitals) as the account name to list the entire account file.

#### Find 'data' in 'account_file'

`$ python passmgr.py find data in account_file`

#### Modify 'account_name' in 'account_file'

`$ python passmgr.py modify account_name in account_file set data=new_value data1=`

A blank value removes that data from the account.  Use PASSWORD (all capitals)
to change the account file master password.

#### Rename 'account_name' in 'account_file' to 'new_account'

`$ python passmgr.py rename account_name in account_file to new_account`

#### Remove 'new_account' from 'account_file'

`$ python passmgr.py remove new_account from account_file`

License
-------

Copyright (C) 2015-2017 Josiah Gordon <josiahg@gmail.com>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
